[Narrator]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
As Goku continued
his intense training,
Krillin, Gohan, and Bulma
reclaimed a Dragon Ball
from Vegeta, enraging the
ruthless Saiyan in the process.
Meanwhile, Frieza's
special reinforcements
closed in on Planet Namek.
[Frieza] Vegeta
may be able to run...
but once the Ginyu Force brings
their cutting-edge scouters,
try though he might,
he can't hide...
♪ Opening Song ♪
[Gohan sighs]
It feels like we've
been flying forever...
How much farther
do we have to go?
Well... I'd say we're
just about halfway there...
The Grand Elder's
not doing well.
I sure hope he can hold out.
[Killin] Only
one thing to do...
We're going
to have to risk
picking up the
pace quite a bit...
I think we're far enough
out now that Vegeta may
not notice the spike
in our power levels.
I say we go for it...
He'll have his hands full
once my Dad gets here,
which should be really soon.
That settles it, then.
Let's ratchet our
self up to full power!
Yeah!
At this rate
we ought to reach
the Grand Elder's place
in about an hour or so.
[laughs]
[Vegeta] There they are...!
Must be at full power...
Kakarot's brat and the bald
pipsqueak; I can sense them.
But, then... Why aren't
they heading towards me?
With their radar,
they can easily pinpoint
the Dragon Balls
in my possession.
I don't know what sort
of game they're playing...
But this may be my only chance
at wringing the last
Dragon Ball out of them;
I can't let it slip
through my fingers.
I think I'll take
this one with me...
Just in case their lady friend
is lurking about to take
the others while I'm away...
This way she
won't get all seven.
Ha!
Nobody plays
Vegeta for a fool...!
Nobody...! You're about
to learn that the hard way!
[cackles]
Muwahahahaha!
Nine thousand nine hundred
and ninety-nine... Ten thousand.
[Goku sighs]
[hmms]
Hey...! How about that?
I don't feel worn out...!
You'd think there'd be a
little soreness or something...
Still. I think that should
just about do it for training...
Time to save up my
strength with a little R & R.
[giggles]
I probably ought to
let my body re-adjust
to normal gravity
while I'm at it, too.
[humming]
[surprise]
Whooa...
[Machine shutting down sounds]
[sighs]
[crunch]
[laughs] Hahahahaha!!
I don't believe this!
Normal gravity is a piece of
cake...! This is awesome...!
I mean it feels
like I've barely got
both feet on the
ground I'm so light!
[giggling]
I'm as light as a
feather...! Woo-hoo...!
I'm as weightless as a jellyfish
swimming in the ocean!
[giggling]
And the best part is...
I'm not only light, I'm
as solid as a brick wall!
[Goku hmms]
Hmmmmm...
I bet my body could withstand
a nine-times Kaio-ken...
Heck, maybe even
a ten-times Kaio-ken!
[Sniffs]
[Giggle]
[Click]
[Goku] Ahhhh....
We don't want the bad guys
being able to smell me
before they can see me, right?
[Giggle]
Bombs away!
That was relaxing... Ah...
What I've got to do now
is catch some shut-eye,
but before that...
A little refreshment...
Let's see now...
Ahhaaaa!!
Oh, wait... That's
not gonna work...
It's way too bitter...
Ah, there we go...
Bulma's Dad's own specially
formulated sports drink...
This ought to really
hit the spot... Oh yeah!
[Goku snoring]
Hgggnnnhhhh...
[Narrator] Sleeping like a
baby, Goku had yet to realize
that his brutal training at
one-hundred-times gravity
had increased his strength
to an unprecedented level,
far exceeding the normal
Saiyan capabilities.
Hang in there, Gohan...
The Grand Elder's
place is up ahead;
we'll be there soon.
Right!
[thinking]
As strong as Gohan'll be
once the Grand Elder
boosts his powers,
this whole plan might still just
be wishful thinking on my part.
I'm not sure anyone can
take on Vegeta alone.
The guy's a monster.
It's like there's no ceiling
on how powerful he can get.
Even with Gohan
at full capacity,
the smartest
thing we could do
after seeing the Grand Elder
is wait for Goku to get here.
[thinking] That's right, vermin.
I'm right on top of you now!
Gohan, it's straight ahead!
Huh?
You see it...? That
strange-looking mountain...
That's what we're headed for!
[laughs]
Hahaha...
Looks like we're
in the home stretch!
No, wait!
There's a huge power level
coming up right behind us!
[gasping]
It can't be!
[gasping] Don't tell me...
That's Vegeta...!
Gohan... I'm going to try and
stall him as long as I can...
You go on ahead to
the Grand Elder's place.
What are you...?
Don't argue...!
Just go get stronger...!
[determinedly]
'Kay!
[thinking] All right...
I'll just do whatever I can.
[thinking]
That speed...!
Hey.
I... I'm a little surprised you
risked trying to track us down.
Then you're a fool...
I tend to thrives when
the stakes are high...
Now, let's dispense
with the chat...
I believe you have
something of mine that
you'd be well advised to give
back if you value your life.
Don't think I don't know.
I have no idea what
you're talking about...
Keep playing dumb...
Let's see how far
you're willing to take it.
This is incredible.
[laughs]
Muwahahaha!!
What in the...?
That mountain is where Kakarot's
son flew off to, isn't it...?
But there's more to it
than meets the eye...
Is that where you've hidden
the ball you stole from me?
Uh... No, it's...
Ahhh! Damn it, wait!!!
[coughing]
[Grand Elder]
Such reserves of strength
the child has locked within.
You are an Earthling,
are you not?
No disrespect, sir...
But if you could hurry up,
that'd be great--
He has come, Grand Elder.
[gasps]
Haaahh...
What is this place
supposed to be?
Wait...! Don't go
in there! Vegeta!
Leave us.
And what if I don't?
[gasping]
[deep breath]
[cries out]
Aaaaahhhh...
[thinking] Yes! Gohan's power
level just seriously spiked!
I see... Kakarot himself
must be holed up in there...
Then let today be the
day we settle our score!
[angrily]
Come on out here!
Fight me coward!
What?!
It... It's you...!
What the heck's going on...?
What were you up to in there?
Why did your power
level suddenly shoot up?
[laughs]
Heh heh heh...
[laughing]
Ha... Ha... Hahahahahaha!!
So... You think after
whatever trick you pulled
in there you're strong
enough to lock horns with me?
[Vegeta] Really?
Trust me kid: you're
still light years away from
being able to tangle with
someone who knows how to fight.
Stepping up?
[coughing]
Grand Elder, no!
[Grand Elder sighs]
Hmmmmm... Dende...
Um, Yes?
You.. You must go
outside and tell them...
Tell them there's a great power
approaching Planet Namek...
the size of which
is truly staggering--
[coughing]
But what is it, sir?
Hurry, child!
Right!
Wait...! Please...
The Grand Elder says there's
something really, really
powerful that's about
to land on the planet!
Wha...?
Grand Elder...?
Who in the hell is that?
Hey...! He's right...!
I can totally sense it!
Wow... He wasn't
kidding they are strong.
Yeah.... And you know what...?
We might be in luck, 'cause
who else can it be but Goku?
What?!
Well... I don't know...
I mean... It feels like
there's more than one.
No, it... It can't...!
One... Two... Three...
Four, five...
It... It is them!
Frieza summoned the Ginyu
Force to this ball of dirt...?!
Damnit!
Look... I don't have time
to play with you brats;
hand over the Dragon Ball!
No... I won't...!
You don't scare me!
I'll make a deal with you...
Give back the Dragon
Ball and I promise
I won't lay a finger on
you or your friends...!
Things are about to turn
very ugly for all of us,
unless we act right now!
[Krillin] As if we'd be dumb
enough to fall for that!
You want us to take
your word for it...?
Why should we trust
someone like you?
All right, listen up...
I'll explain this once.
Imagine someone as strong as
I've become since
our first meeting..
Wait, no... No...
Someone even stronger...
Now imagine that there
are five of these monsters!
[Vegeta]
Five with scouters
that'll hone in on us from
halfway across the planet--
and who aren't here
to make friends!
You... You're just
making all this up!
[Vegeta] Idiot! Can't
you sense their power?
This is the only
course open to us!
I'm telling you, our only hope
for beating the Ginyu Force
is for me to become immortal!
[Nail] He may actually
be telling the truth.
I can sense it...
Whoever they are, there are
five, and they're hostile.
Damn it!
Fine then... Why not
make Gohan immortal?
Are you kidding? The boy
has no tactical experience!
We might as well appoint
a ladybug to defend us!
If we do this... Then we...
We'll waste the one
wish we came here for!
You get more than one.
The Dragon Balls
will grant you three.
With two to spare...
Surely you can all achieve
what you came here for.
Wow, that... That kind
of changes everything.
So... We get three...
Grrrrr!!
Oh, come on already!
Great, so we get three
wishes instead of one...!
The longer you
stand there in awe,
the less we time
we have to act!
Wait, let's be
absolutely clear...
The Dragon Balls here...
They'll actually grant us
a total of three wishes?
Indeed
All right, then.
C'mon... But you've
gotta keep your promise
about never laying
a finger on us!
[Gohan]
Hey, wait up!
This is crazy!
Don't dawdle!
Use your full power!
They've left, I take it?
[Nail]
Yes, Grand Elder.
But even if their
strategy bears fruit
the odds are stacked
against them.
You really think so?
[Grand Elder]
Nail...
Your talents are better
used elsewhere...
Go forth...
The earthlings need you.
But, sir...
[Grand Elder]
It's fine. You
needn't worry about me.
There's some life in this
decrepit body yet...
[Nail]
As you wish, Grand Elder.
♪ Ominous Music ♪
[flying sounds]
[chuckles]
[explosion]
[rumbling]
[rocks falling]
And there they are,
precisely on schedule...
Theatrical as always...
Let the pageant begin.
[laughing]
Nyahahahaha...
How much futher?!
The Ginyu Force just landed!
[thinking] Keep your shirt on.
We're almost there.
[breathes deeply]
[whining] Why do bad things
happen to good people?
Ahhhh!!
[angrily] This is
exactly what I mean! Hey!
[Krillin]
Sorry, Bulma.
We had to stop by and pick
this up really quick.
[Vegeta] Finally! Now
I take the lead. Come on!
Hold on a second! What are
you doing?! I said hold on!
[Bulma]
Oh seriously!
Somebody throw me a
bone for crying out loud!
You can't just swoop
down and take off again
like I'm not good enough to know
what the plan is, you jerks!
I won't be ignored! Arrgggg!!!
Fine... Be that way...
What the...? Either I'm crazy
or that was Vegeta with 'em...
[sizzling]
[laughs]
Hahahaha!
[doors opening]
[snickering]
[sighs]
[laughs]
Hahahaha!
♪ Ginyu Force rules...
Ginyu Force rules... ♪
Oohhhhh!!!! Aggghhhhhhh!!
I'm Recoome!!!
Haaaaa!! I...
aaaammm... Burter!!!
Huuurrrryyyow!!!
Hhnnnnnggg! Hmmmmyah!
I'm Jeice!!!
Oooyaaaahraar! Nyow!
Guldo!!!
♪ Ginyu Force rules...
Ginyu Force rules... ♪
Huuuyaaaaahhhh!!
Ginyu!!!
Five!
As!
One!
To--!
--gether!
[all together]
We are the Ginyu Force!
My.. What an entrance.. heh..
[Narrator] The Ginyu Force
has burst onto the scene
ready to do Frieza's bidding.
Are they really as
fearsome as Vegeta says,
or is this merely a ploy
to dupe Krillin and Gohan
out of the seventh Dragon Ball
and horde all three
wishes for himself?
Whatever becomes of the
unlikely alliance between them,
the race continues,
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey! It's me, Goku!
So this is Planet Namek, huh?
[Krillin] I've never
felt the kind of power
these Ginyu Force creeps
have--it's unbelievable!
Still, though; I think
the one called Guldo
might fall pretty
hard if we team up.
What do you think, Gohan?
Want to show 'em
what we've got?
[Gohan] Yeah!
Especially now that my
power's been boosted up!
[Goku] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[Krillin] Is it me, or are
these guys just plain weird?